docs: initial accessibility section in each component page (#175)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/item.md

  // Implement selection model
});
```

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> `ef-item` is low-level element that typically, it is used to compose for creating other element such as `ef-list`, `ef-tree`. Hence, `ef-item` will not be assigned with any roles by default but only provide `aria-selected` attribute which will reflect current selected state of itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ef-item` is low-level element that typically, it is used to compose for creating other element such as `ef-list`, `ef-tree`. Hence, `ef-item` will not be assigned with any roles by default but only provide `aria-selected` and `aria-checked` attributes which will reflect current selected state of itself.
```
